https://codepen.io/nolan-r-torres/pen/zYGrPQP?editors=1100




    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML code that is granted more accessibility and readibility through meaning

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Structures content on a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute provides additional information about the element, it's created in the start tag.
	
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 is usually used for the title of the page. You should use it once, and use h2-6 for the others.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The title.
	
    7. What is an id? 
	A unique specifier for a specific HTML element used to style it.
	
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Anything.
	
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once, they should always be unique.

    10. What is a class? 
	Used to separate elements of the same name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Divs.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Once, if you want your code to be easy to follow.
	
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	CTRL+Click
	
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	It's an alternate name given to an image, which will be displayed if the image cannot load to give the user an idea of what it is.
	
    15. How do I reference an id?
	id=""
	
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section groups content together, usually tied by a single theme. A div doesn't have any meaning.
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Presenting your information, includes colors, layout, and fonts.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	To select every h2 you would use h2 {

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Use class when you want to consistently style multiple elements, and id when you only want to style one using its unique id.
	
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.classname {
	
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human {

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	Child selector is used to select all elements with are the child of a specific parent.
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	#sidebar a:link
	
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, for example elements that are first of their type.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
	
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
	
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border-style

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	LS

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	RM

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It tracks every change you've made to a filesystem. This helps revert problems caused by new code and with troubleshooting, or rolling the code back.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you make changes that work, and don't break anything.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Github > fork > add collaborator > open terminal > git clone > cd into folder > open in VSCode > branch > work on code> add > commit > push

